Release notes. (#9761)
organicmaps/organicmaps: android/app/src/fdroid/play/listings/el-GR/release-notes.txt

> • New OpenStreetMap data as of November 22
> • µG play-services-location
> • Translation fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• New OpenStreetMap data as of November 22
• Highlight matched part of the address in search results
• Sort search history by last usage time
• Fixed start-up crashes for some older devices with Mali-T GPUs
• Other search improvements, translation updates & bug fixes
• F-D version only: an opt-in setting to use Google Play Locations Services
```
